My SPA application is about a book review application called PaperBack Adventures.Upon viewing the page you will be met with the title,a search bar,a small paragraph,my reading list form and a list of 15 books that are generated by my own json server and have the following objects:(id,title,author,image,description and rate).

The search Bar provides you with an option where you can search for a certain book by its title or the name of the author,if such book title or book author is not found within the list then a message "No books/authors found matching your search." will be displayed on the page.

The list of books that are displayed in each book one can see the book title,image of the book,author of the book,an add to reading list button and 5 star rating method.

The 5-star rating method is used to rate the book by either adding or reducing the stars.Clicking on the stars will either increase/reduce the rating of the particular book.

The add to reading list button when clicked will add the particular book to My Reading List Form at the top of the page.

In My Reading Lit Form when a book is added one can be able to remove it by clicking on the "x" that appears alongside the book title.

In the book list one can also click on the book ,doing this will reveal at the top of the page:the book title,image,author,description,rating and the add to reading list button and a back button.

One can still rate the book by increasing or decreasing the rating if one clicks on the book.The add to reading list button will also add the book to My Reading List Form.

The back button found when clicking on a book will return the page to the original format.


json :http://localhost:3000/books

hosted url :https://paperbackadventures.netlify.app/

